Use Flatbuffers for Persistent State of Segment Store and Meta Index (#972)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - ⚠️  Flatbuffers are now a hard dependency for building and running VAST.
>   The segment store and archive now use a flatbuffers table for their
>   on-disk persistent state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ Flatbuffers are now a hard dependency for building and running VAST.
  The segment store and archive now use a flatbuffers table for their
  on-disk persistent state. [#972](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/972)
```

Also, should you rebase the last commit: Please remove the trailing dot from the commit message ;)

> - ⚠️  Flatbuffers are now a hard dependency for building and running VAST.
>   The segment store and archive now use a flatbuffers table for their
>   on-disk persistent state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ⚠️  [Flatbuffers](https://google.github.io/flatbuffers/) is now a required
  dependency for VAST. The archive and segment store use flatbuffers to
  describe and version their persistent state.
```

Reviewer: Here's yours and my change combined:

```suggestion
- ⚠️ [Flatbuffers](https://google.github.io/flatbuffers/) is now a required
  dependency for VAST. The archive and segment store use flatbuffers to
  describe and version their persistent state.
  [#972](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/972)
```
